Heres the story of how I started Andrei's Zero to Mastery WEb Developer Course. I had applied to Codesmith which was my go to bootcamp. After doing multiple technical interviews and not passing I began to research other ways of the learning the same material from the bootcamp. After watching Youtube videos and reading online articles, I stumbled across Zero to Mastery. I watched videos specific to the course and heard nothing but good things. Here is what I knew going into Zero to Mastery.

I had done some of the Odin Project, learned the basics of HTML, CSS, Javascript and done the prep courses for Codesmith where they deeply explain the basics of Javascript like functions, loops, variables, recursion, object oriented programming, closure and scope. But while learning the fundementals and doing Codemsith's CSX, I always had a desire to build things, apply what I'm learning to see what effects it has on other things. This is where Zero to Mastery changed everything

From the beginning Zero to mastery is hands on - project based and very declarative with what is being taught. It feels as though instead of teadching you every single thing that exists in javascript - we learned enough of what is useful in the real world because frankly there are a lot of things that are implemented but never used in production. 

At the start of the course - we learned the fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and Javascript which I already mostly knew. I still went through the course as intended and learned new things from each of these languages that my other curriculumn had not. Learning React was what really chnaged my perspective on web development. With vanilla javascript there is a lot that you have to declare (a lot of boilerplate code) for things to work how you want them to - we have to add event listeners, loop through elements to listen for multiple things. React solved this issue with being able to integrate Javascript to write your HTML and produce things on screen dynamically and instantly. React allows us to write Javascript and make the virtual DOM translate it into HTML CSS and JS that the browser can understand and show the client what needs to be shown. It's extremely fast and responsive and we can give components state in order for them to memorize data that was given to them. With React, we can pull bits and pieces from other creators around the world to make our website exactly how we want it - we pull tachyons for styling, knex for connecting to our database, express for our server, bcrypt to hash the passwords given to us for storage, Particles for creating a cool background anymation, and so much more. After finishing the course - I see a web developer as someone that is adeptly capable of solving problems, and uses tools from different areas to generate the result that the developer wants. 

Thank you Andrei for your time and dedication to the course, its clearly seen with the work that you produced. After finishing the course, I now feel confident in being able to create a website, make it look and interact how I want it to and have the skills to solve most problems that may come up. I look forward to taking more courses and building more things and more importantly learning along side of your. Thank you for being an amazing instructor :)